[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
action thriller film
a blackout spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
thanks to technological advancements
people in the future live a convenient
and comfortable lifestyle suddenly one
day the world is plunged into darkness
lights are out and the plane drops down
like a dead bird
all sorts of communications are down the
whole planet suffers from a blackout
except for a small area near moscow in
russia
where the electricity is still on ole
a serviceman happens to be on vacation
in the light area
he tries to call his family after he
finds out about the blackout from the
news on tv
but no phone signals can be found the
light area is
isolated by the darkness spreading
worldwide
to figure out what is going on the
government establishes a defensive
perimeter quickly
and sends out reconnaissance groups as
well as drones to investigate the dark
area
everyone in the dark area is dead and
their bodies scatter all over the place
oleg is ordered to check in a newly
built base called outpost
the only effective defense that humans
have right now during a meeting
a leader introduces that the dark area
is far more dangerous
than people could even imagine five
teams of soldiers have been sent inside
the dark area
but none of them comes back from it
however a corpse is brought back from
the dark area by a team
that only reaches the edge of the danger
zone the autopsy states that the person
is killed by an interior virus
that appears inside the person it seems
like that all people in the dark area
are killed for the same reason
it sounds bizarre and hard to believe
but this is the only explanation that
seems logical
on that night a huge number of unknown
creatures are emerging towards the base
from the forest three kilometers away
radar shows that the unknown attacker
group is massive
plus they are bigger than human and they
are moving very fast
tons of soldiers take up positions and
form a defense line at the edge of the
dark area
waiting to fight shadows flash past and
gunshots lit the night
the next morning a soldier wakes up but
only to find a dead brown bear is on top
of him
on the way to the medic he sees dead
soldiers all over the place
and hills of dead brown bears appear
outside the army's defense barrier
the army can't figure out why the bears
become savage
and what makes them attack the base
while the army is dying to know the
reasons
an alien with his mouth and nose shows
up with answers
two hundred thousand years ago after the
aliens original planet ran out of
resources
they created humans based on themselves
and inhabited humans on earth
in order to reform the earth more
suitable for aliens to live as a
replacement
but the humans are created inferior to
the alien creators
who actually possess superpowers after
all the developments humans made in the
past
years the young planet earth is finally
habitable for the aliens
and now they are coming to take over the
planet humans on earth must die
to make spaces for the alien immigrants
that will arrive tomorrow in a giant
migration spaceship
humans are supposed to be purged in
three steps first
the blackout to cut all communications
throughout the world
second initiate a self-destruction
program that is planted in the human
which is the interior virus that kills
tons of people in the dark area
however in the course a small system bug
occurs that allows electricity to remain
in this small light area
and no people are self-destructed either
but there is an alien puppeteer with a
mind-controlling superpower
who can fix this bug by manipulating
people's thoughts
he is going to dominate 160 million dead
people from the dark area
turning them into his puppet army to
fight against the light area
which is also called the third step the
savage bears are like foreplay before
the real thing
to win this battle the remaining human
beings have to kill the puppeteer before
he launches the attack
the reason why running nose is willing
to assist humans against his own race
is because he sees himself as a human's
god that wants to keep his creations
alive
as well as to lead them to a brand new
civilization he knows that the puppeteer
is hiding on earth
but he does not know where exactly a
survived soldier
coming back from the quarantine zone has
somehow gained a psychic ability
that creates a psychic connection with
the puppeteer the psychic soldier is the
other reason why running nose wants to
help humans
later many trucks of fighters
accompanied by oleg and running nose
are sent out to kill the puppeteer after
the psychic soldier locates his position
through running noses help
the psychic soldier stays in the base
due to his leg injury
at the same time the puppeteer sees that
humans planned via the psychic soldier's
mind
so he orders his zombified army to
attack the outpost base immediately
human soldiers are in a fatal war with a
gigantic amount of enemies
soon the sky is lightened by different
flare bombs from the human side
the purple ones mean the sub team needs
backup while the red ones mean the sub
team is about to be terminated
situations back at the base are not
positive either the puppeteer launches
tons of missiles
at the base although many of them are
shot down by the human defense system
unfortunately one missile hits through
and destroys the base
the psychic soldier is killed when the
base is all blown up
running nose oleg and the sub team are
the last hope of human beings
the sub team arrive in the dark area the
next morning but is stopped by a crowd
of people under the control of the
puppeteer
at first the sub team hesitate to hurt
them because they look like normal
people outside
however inside they follow no
independent thoughts
but the puppeteers order a brutal fight
between them starts again on the street
causing massive destruction and many to
lose their lives
fighting through the puppet army the sub
team makes it to a skyscraper
where the puppeteer is supposed to be
hiding on the roof
running nose and few others go to fight
the puppeteer
leaving the rest of the team to secure
the entrance for more waves of attacks
during the battle a sub-team member
fails to stop a truck from the
puppeteer's army
before the truck crashes into the
entrance of the building oil barrels at
the back of the truck are lit
and the explosion kills all soldiers
barting at the bottom of the building
causing the army walking dead to swarm
inside
while on the top of the building running
nose locates the puppeteer
who bears almost the same look running
nose knocks him down
after several rounds of a fierce fight
in a joint effort
the puppeteer's heart is possibly pulled
out and a grenade is thrust into his
crushed open chest
which burns him to death because of that
running nose takes control of his puppet
army
and purges them all all of a sudden
everyone in the puppeteer's army falls
lifeless on the ground
later the survivors of the sub team find
out that running nose has the ability to
save
all the human beings before they were
killed by the self-destruction program
but obviously he doesn't do that because
he thinks those people are not necessary
to save
and also he believes that with a small
number of humans and his superpower
a new world can be created anyway in
anger of losing loved ones and running
noses lack of respect in human lives
oleg determines to kill running nose the
remaining
members of the sub team fight with
running nose who however
can create many identical incarnations
to avoid the attacks
during the chaos one man spots out the
real running nose
and throws him from the roof down to the
ground
not long after running nose's death the
alien's migration spaceship descends
from the sky
and lands next to a skyscraper oleg goes
on the ship with the other survived
soldiers
and are astonished to find countless
sleeping pods inside
oleg believes that these aliens will
continue to wipe out the whole human
race
after they wake up therefore the
soldiers open fire at the pods
to kill as many aliens as they can
before the capsule timers reach
zero even though there are too many left
intact
in order to speed up the pace they
decide to break the pipes for oxygen
supply
momentarily sleeping capsules are ruined
by sections
so are the numerous aliens sleeping
inside
the spaceship and even the ruined city
outside are flooded with their green
colored blood
however when it comes to the last pipe
the soldiers are shocked to discover
that it supplies the last section of
pods which contain aliens children
a woman in the team could not kill the
kids and she stops others from killing
them too
seeing numerous alien children wake up
and crawl out of their capsules soon
soldiers have no choice but to throw
their weapons on the floor
proving that they will not harm them all
alien children crowd together tearing in
confusion at the three human soldiers
neither the alien children nor the human
soldiers know what fate lies
in front of them this is daniel cc movie
channel
peace out